3.1.0
Read frames per second from the movie now supported. Movie synchronization
on the fly, based on time differences between time points supported. A lot of
fine tuning. Zemberek updates.

3.0.0
FFDecode bugs fixed, preview should be much more stable and accurate. Preview
bug fixed, where wrong duration was reported. Tools remember last values.
Column width is now saved. Now it is compatible with latest version of MPlayer.
Updated to newest ffmpeg sources. Turkish translation added. Support for
zemberek added. Preliminary built-in FAQ subsystem. Tweaks and code changes.
New icons and splash screen. Linux installation script fixes. Supports
cocoASpell under Mac OSX.

3.0.0-rc4
Fixed bugs: audio line not closing, saving file with an illegal character
set, banner not closing, Jubler crashing when audio codec could not be opened,
Jubler didn't start under Linux. Mac OSX port is now universal binary.
Synchronize subtitle texts and timestamps. Subtitle preview updates live on 
key events. Automatic version check through internet. Smaller code changes.

3.0.0-rc3
Initial Mac OS X version. Big endian bugs fixed. "Quit" introduced. Menu
shortcuts are now editable. MPlayer threading issues fixed. Cache is created
only when needed. Full AC3 support.

3.0.0-rc2
Great speedup improvements were made on subtitle preview. Alpha channel values
in SSA/ASS format were flipped. MPlayer options may now be edited. Recent
items are sorted according to their call. A bug with the installer not
properly detecting JRE was fixed. Subtitle preview fixes were done.

3.0.0-rc1
Czech translation. Subtitle text display on frame preview (draft & full
details) using Java 2D.  Default display frame when no library is present, or
no actual frame preview is required. When FFDecode library is missing, a
notice is displayed and no more a popup dialog appers. Subtitle is movable on
wave panel too (in preview). Display subtitle time when moving subtitles in
preview. Revert, clone & open recent subtitles in File menu. Video preview in
normal and half size. Reparent current subtitles (for translations). MPlayer
now supports default font size (and font name in Linux). Only static version
of ffmpeg for linux is provided.  Varius bug fixes.


2.9.9
Preview of subtitles added (dependance on FFMPEG library). Frame preview
of the current frame, waveform preview and waveform listening is supported.
Graphically display of subtitles, which can be moved and resized. Jubler no
longer distributed as JAR file but using self expandable platform specific
installers (due to FFMPEG). Mouse wheel over subtitle time changes its value.
Various bug fixes and other enchacements.

2.5.1
Fix while trying to save a splitted subtitle file.

2.5.0
Suport for SubStation Alpha (SSA), Advanced SubStation (ASS), and SubViewer
(1+2) subtitle formats. A German translation. Styles are supported (when
saving in SubStation formats). A translating mode. A lot of fine tuning and
bugfixes.

2.0.0
Mostly code cleanup and changes in the "about" box.

2.0-rc1
This release adds I18n support through gettext.

1.9.3
Find & replace and global replace features were added. The focus of the
subtitle textbox was fixed.

1.9.1
Enhancements were made to the command line arguments of mplayer in order to
play correctly under the Windows ports of MPlayer. A few unimportant
corrections were made to the ASpell options.

1.9.0
This release has great improvements in the mplayer frontend, ASpell support,
GUI lifting, and new tools.

0.9
Initial announcement
